[inaudible]
[DOG A barks]
[gasps]
[KEITH]
He's sunk his teeth in!
This is it! Time for
this pig to go boom!
[KEITH]
What?
Why in the hell is
the bomb in the river?
Did the old guy toss it?
[TWILIGHT]
Sorry about this, pup!
[TWILIGHT] Now be a good boy
and I'll let you out later.
[KEITH]
How'd the geezer pull that off?
Wait, who the hell is that?
[KEITH] That's not even him!
What's going on here?
Damn!
[TWILIGHT] Besides us having
your plate number,
good luck not getting noticed
in that bullet-ridden car.
Your little revolution is over.
[YOR]
Anya!
Anya, where are you?!
[YOR]
This is bad.
Did she go back to that
pet store to find Loid?
Those terrorists could see her
and snatch her up again.
I've gotta track her down!
[YOR gasps]
[YOR]
That's him!
You never should've
messed with little Anya!
'Cause I'm gonna make you pay!
[KEITH] Huh?! She jumped
off the damn bridge?!
Get outta the road, dummy!
[YOR]
Um. Yes, hello, police?
I just found another one of
those alleyway terrorists.
Seems he had a car accident
behind Northtown Park.
You think you can come get him?
Me? Uh, I'm the housewife
that called earlier.
I gotta go!
[YOR]
Anya! Where'd you run off to?
Anya!
[SENIOR AGENT A]
Well, it wasn't easy,
but that's a wrap on this one.
Gonna be feelin'
that for a while.
[SYLVIA]
Thankfully, we were somehow able
to avoid a huge commotion.
The East wants to
keep this quiet,
so they'll clean up
any lingering mess.
[SENIOR AGENT A] Are we gonna
hand over these dogs?
Not on our agenda.
So we'll keep them here
until the higher ups
tell us otherwise.
But there will surely have to be
some kind of plan
in place for them.
All right, I'll be going now.
I need to get back to my family
as soon as I possibly can.
Good work, Twilight.
[gasps]
I'm surprised to run
into the two of you here.
What happened with
the big adoption event?
You took so long on the crapper,
I had to check on you.
And I was worried about Anya,
so I thought I'd follow her.
And... what about the dog?
Borf!
[YOR] Since we had to deal
with all that crazy stuff,
we kinda ran out of time
to find a puppy.
[TWILIGHT]
I hate to think about them
getting dragged into this.
I'm sorry, didn't realize I'd
take so long in the bathroom.
Oh, Loid!
That breakfast I made
for you this morning
really did a number
on your stomach!
I'm so sorry about that!
[TWILIGHT]
And you, Anya.
How many times do I have to
tell you that running off
on your own is dangerous?!
I'm so sowwy, Papa!
[sighs]
But you're okay, right?
Only because Mister
Doggie protected me!
[TWILIGHT] I suspect he's
another test subject
from Project Apple.
If that's true, we can't have
such a creature running around.
Thanks for all your help today.
You saved her life.
[SYLVIA]
'Scuse me.
State Security.
Investigating the incident
that occurred in City Center.
Do you mind answering
a few questions?
I see.
Then it's safe to
assume that this dog
was also one of the animals
trained by the terrorist group.
Which means we'll be
taking him with us.
[TWILIGHT]
Please, take good care of him.
This is a delicate matter.
Given the tenuous relationship
between East and West,
we'll need to keep
this under wraps,
so your silence is crucial.
Thanks for your cooperation.
[gasps]
Since all that's over now,
why don't we go and look
for a puppy together?
Sounds good. Come on, Anya.
No way! I wanna
keep Mister Doggie!
Uh. Listen, Anya--
[ANYA] I wanna take care
of Mister Doggie!
You can't. That dog
belonged to the bad--
[ANYA] I don't care who he
was with! He saved me!
I understand. But didn't you say
that you wanted a small dog?
[ANYA] Well, now I want
this Mister Doggie!
It's okay he's big!
You're being difficult!
If you don't let me keep him,
then I'm gonna turn bad
and stop going to school!
[BOTH gasp]
But why would you do that?
This has nothing
to do with school!
You need to behave, Anya.
[YOR]
He'll be fine!
Very well. He's yours.
But, Handl--I mean, ma'am!
So, it's okay?
[SYLVIA] I highly doubt one
of these dogs going missing
will cause an issue.
The terrorists have been
taken into custody,
and this particular pup
didn't cause anyone harm.
[TWILIGHT]
Still, we--
[SYLVIA] We can't risk putting
Operation Strix in jeopardy.
Our hands are tied.
[TWILIGHT]
That may be, but--
This also means that you'll
be able to keep an eye on him.
We'll have plenty of dogs to
keep our investigators busy,
so take him.
[TWILIGHT] You don't think
I have enough on my plate?
What about all those
other Mister Doggies?
Will the police ociffers
be mean to them?
Don't worry, you sweet thing.
The dogs are gonna be
well taken care of.
They'll all be given
soft beds to sleep in
and nice, yummy food to eat.
But this pup here,
he didn't have an easy
life before he met you.
So it's very important
that you're always
extra good to him.
And I know he'll be good to you.
Can you do that?
Fanks a lot, boss lady.
She's such a good girl.
You don't know what
she puts me through.
[SYLVIA]
I've got a pretty good idea.
I once had a daughter her age.
That's great news, huh,
Anya? And Mister Doggie?
[ANYA laughing]
What matters is
peace won the day.
[TWILIGHT]
You're right.
[SYLVIA] We do need to
take the dog with us
for the night, however.
Give him a thorough
health screening.
And once he's been cleared,
we'll bring him over
to your family's home.
Works for me.
Shall we head back?
Definitely.
I'm feeling pretty tired after
all of that excitement today.
This field trip's not over till
we're home. If we make it alive.
[TWILIGHT] Is that something
you picked up at school?
Stop being silly.
[YOR]
Don't you worry, Anya.
They got the bad guys,
so we'll be okay.
[chuckles]
[YOR] If anybody found out
that I was the one
who beat the bad guys
and saved the world,
they would be so shocked!
[ANYA laughs]
[ANYA] They caught that
bomber-man all fanks to me.
Papa is safe and world peace
didn't get disruptured.
[TWILIGHT groans]
[TWILIGHT] We barely kept the
peace between East and West.
I'm drained. Now my stomach
actually does hurt.
[YOR giggles]
[ANYA chuckles]
[TWILIGHT groans]
And on to our next story...
[ANYA] ♪ Please come
home, Mister Doggie. ♪
♪ Please come home,
Mister Doggie. ♪
♪ Come home soon,
'cause we're waitin' on you! ♪
[TWILIGHT]
Calm down. He'll be here.
And you're blocking the TV.
[doorbell rings]
Evening, folks!
[ANYA]
Mister Doggie!
Take care of him, please.
[YOR] He's checking out
his surroundings.
Wellycome to Anya's
house, Mister Doggie!
And now, it's your house, too!
[TWILIGHT]
You know, I think it's time
to give him a proper name.
[ANYA]
Oh, a name!
[RESEARCHER A]
Number eight. Let's go.
It's time for your medicine.
Hold still! Stop your squirming!
[RESEARCHER C] Here's your food.
Better slop it all up.
[RESEARCHER D]
Raise the voltage.
[RESEARCHER E]
He can't take it.
[RESEARCHER D]
So what?
We've got plenty of
other dogs, now don't we?
Hm? Are you okay, puppy?
You don't gotta be nervous!
You just need a treat!
Everything's okay.
You're one of the Holgers now!
[ANYA laughs]
Borf!
[ANNOUNCER A] The summit
that began last evening
is beginning its second day,
and disarmament negotiations
appear to be off
to a good start.
So I beat the bad guys
and saved the world,
but they won't give me a Star?
'Fraid not. We have to keep
the whole thing a big secret.
It's the only way for East
and West to stay friendly.
So don't say anything
about it at school.
The police will arrest you,
and you might not ever
come home again.
[ANYA gasps]
This is how they treat
world savers, huh?
All right, Anya,
it's time to go to school.
[ANYA] If they won't give me
more Stars for that,
I gotta go back to the
Friendship Scheme!
I'll get Second Son
to invite me over
and save Papa's
mission that way!
Say what?! Your folks
let you have a dog?
[ANYA]
Mh-hm.
I bet you mine is a whole
lot bigger than yours!
Bring him over!
[chuckles]
[ANYA] Guess I'm just
gonna save the world
over and over again.
Good morning to you, Anya!
Good morning, pwease.
[BECKY]
What a relief.
She's not still trying to make
me call her "Starlight Anya."
[ANYA]
Guess what, Becky?
[BECKY]
Hm?
They gave me a dog as a reward.
[BECKY]
Wow, really? That's great.
What kinda dog is it?
[ANYA]
Huh? The white kind?
[BECKY]
Well, how old is it?
[ANYA]
Dunno, but he's real big.
I wonder if he's as cute
as my precious little Wiesel.
Maybe they could play together.
[ANYA]
It actually works!
Hey, how about I come over
to your house, and we--?
Uh, hello?
[BOYS]
Huh?
What do you want from me?
I have a dog.
He's big and fluffy.
And why should I care?
[gasps]
[BOYS gasps]
[ANYA]
The world is doomed.
You brought that stupid
peasant to her knees.
Way to be savage, Lord Damian.
[DAMIAN]
I wasn't trying to be mean.
[EWEN]
You've got razor sharp wit.
[EMILE] Probably some
fleabag from the street.
[EWEN, EMILE laughing]
So, uh, what's its name, huh?
[ANYA]
Huh?
My dog's name?
[DAMIAN]
Yep, that's what I asked you.
Doggie?
[DAMIAN]
You don't deserve to have a dog.
What a waste of time.
[ANYA gasps]
[BECKY] Huh? You mean you
don't know how to name a dog?
Hmm. What about a cute name,
like after a food or a flower?
Food name, huh? Peanuts?
Isn't your pup big, though?
"Peanuts" is weird.
What kinda name fits
the way he looks?
Lemme see. Old Fluffy?
[BECKY]
Uh.
Maybe you should see
what your mom and dad can come
up with and go with that.
[ANYA]
Uh! Am I that bad?
Hey, Papa! Hey, Mama!
I have returned!
[ANYA yells]
Welcome back home!
Wow! The puppy sure
is glad to see you!
[ANYA] Help! Help!
He's trying to wolf me up!
[TWILIGHT] Maybe we should
take him for a walk.
Walkies?!
[YOR] There's a dog park near
the library we could go to.
Borf, borfie, borf-borf.
Papa! I wanna hold Mister
Doggie's leash, too!
I don't think you're quite
ready. He'll drag you around.
He may be somewhat trained,
but he still needs discipline.
You've got some training
of your own to do, Anya.
Learn how to feed him,
reward him, scold him--
things like that.
He's your responsibility to care
for until the end, you know.
[ANYA]
Yeah.
[TWILIGHT] Speaking of,
do you have name for him?
[ANYA] No, because
I'm really bad at that.
[TWILIGHT]
Oh. Well.
We want a name that's simple
enough for us to say
and for him to understand.
And according to my sources,
dogs have a hard time
telling consonants apart,
so we should probably give him
a name with a strong vowel.
Something with A, U, or O.
That's kinda rough.
[YOR] Did he say they can't tell
"causes of death" apart?
[YOR] Should I make
you bleed to death?
Or maybe crush you instead?
Stop being so unreasonable.
[TWILIGHT] Perhaps when we get
to know his personality,
we'll have an idea.
[DOG barks]
[gasps]
Park full of doggies!
[ANYA yelling]
[ANYA]
Yay!
You gotta run around and play!
If you don't, it's just
a normal Anya park!
[WOMAN A]
You ready, Leo! Go!
[gasps]
Whoa! We should try to do that!
Go!
Maybe this will only work
if you have a name.
[ANYA]
Hey, 'scuse me!
Huh?
I wanted to know the name
of your Mister Doggie.
How'd you choose its name?
Tell me your secret!
Be careful not to run
off too far, okay?
I think that we should
decide to name you
Lucky Vanilla
Princess the Third!
Then how about Atomic
Angel Charlie General?
[chuckles]
She sure is having fun, huh?
[TWILIGHT] "Your responsibility
to care for until the end."
Sure.
[laughing]
[TWILIGHT]
How can I even say such a thing?
Once this mission is over,
the quote "Forger
family" is over, too.
I may never see them again.
I'll do my best to make sure
they're taken care of.
But this recent terrorist
situation reminded me
just how thin the
veneer of peace
between the East and
the West actually is.
We must do all we can to bring
this cold war to an end.
That's the best
outcome for everyone.
And bring it back, you see?
[TWILIGHT] All right,
you two, time to go.
You've got studying to do.
Ah!
Uh, hold on. Lost my gloves.
Where'd they go?
I just had them and
now they just went poof!
[YOR] You probably just
dropped them somewhere.
[ANYA]
Those are my favorite pair ever!
[YOR]
I'm not seeing them around.
[OLD LADY A]
Hm?
Ah! Doggie's got my gloves!
Gimme back!
[BULLDOG]
Me find! My precious!
[ANYA screams]
[OLD LADY A]
Oh?
Bad dog! What are you
doing to my sweet baby?
Shoo, you mangy ol' stray!
Did that monster mutt scare you?
Thanks, Mister Doggie.
I've recovered the tummy warmer
stolen by the League of Evil.
I'm always glad to help
you, Princess Honey.
Ah! Thank you so much, Bondman!
This was a very special gift
given to me by my
dear late mother.
You're a lot like Bondman.
You saved me and found these!
And look! You've got
gloves like him, too!
[ANYA gasps]
Is something wrong?
Papa! I just found a great
name for Mister Doggie!
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
Mister Doggie's forever
name is Bond!
Like "Bond" from "Bondman."
Well, seems to suit him.
[ANYA laughs]
You're tickling me!
It looks like he likes the name!
And the collar fits, too!
Hello, Bond.
It's time for me to give
you your first mission.
You gotta eat up all the
doggie chow in the bowl!
[TWILIGHT]
Don't overfeed him.
Not bad, but not good.
Oh, you gotta potty.
Please follow me, Mister Bond.
Look here, this is
your very own potty.
If you go anywhere else,
Mama will get mad
'cause she wants things clean.
So make sure not to spill, okay?
[BOND farts]
Poopoo time. Stinky.
[ANYA] Bond, your next mission
is to watch this cartoon
so you can learn
about your roots.
[BOND barks]
Hey, I thought I
told you to study.
You'd better be cracking open a
book when I'm out of the bath.
--[ANYA laughing]
--[BOND barking]
You kidding me?
[YOR humming]
[YOR]
Hm?
[TWILIGHT sighs]
Loid. Loid, come here a second!
You gotta see this!
See what?
[YOR] They wore themselves
out playing today.
She looks like a precious
little angel, doesn't she?
[TWILIGHT] We can give
her a pass tonight.
[YOR]
She's earned it.
[inaudible]